this billionaire is too weird he has
never met difficulties he wants to
experience the poor life but he regrets
it just after the experience he is
pushed into the trash can by the door
when he is sleeping he is robbed while
walking on the street finally he finds a
place to stay but it is burned actually
the man doesn't voluntarily want to be a
poor person bolt is originally a ceo of
a company he wants to buy islam to build
a business empire here but his
competitor is bald and bright he also
wants to take this land the bald man
says that he comes from a slum
remodeling here is his dream he's
different from him bolt grows up with
holding a golden key if he wants this
place the bald man guesses bolt won't
survive over 10 minutes who says that he
can survive where he is good deal in the
end bolt is confused and signs a
gambling agreement with the bald man as
long as bolt can live in islam for 30
days the bald man will give up the
project to transform this place and
during this period bolt can't bring
money also bring an electronic anklet as
long as he leaves the slum he will be
reported if it exceeds 30 seconds that
proves bolt give up his wig is also
confiscated
then bolt hands over the company to the
lawyer just set off it's the first time
for gold to come to the slums there are
tramps all over the place he doesn't
know what to do so he is going to find a
hotel for the night but this hotel is
weird two dollars per night but bolt has
no money he still bluffs with the boss
say he is originally a rich man but he's
no money now can he be in debt first he
will give him 10 000 in a month later
the boss directly regards this man as a
mental illness no way bolt can only find
an iron bucket to spend the night but he
just falls asleep
he needs a mouse he is so sleepy later
but just lie down someone pushes him
into the trash can
finally he gets through to the next day
bolt feels that this will not work he
has to find a way to make some money buy
something to eat he spots a blind man
thinking of taking the opportunity to
steal some but the blind man finds him
bolt runs away quickly later he
discovers someone can make money by
cleaning the car for others so gold
picks up a piece of rag at random but
the more he wipes the dirtier it gets
not only does he not get paid but also
is scolded by the owner seeing a black
guy show his talent so he goes up and
learns to jump but no one pays for him
at all just when bolt is depressed he
encounters two street slots like him to
introduce him to work never thought it's
not working they give him a headgear
take the opportunity to snatch his shoes
at this time molly a fierce woman rushes
out scare the [ __ ] away later molly
sees that both shoes are robbed this
woman finds a pair of old shoes for the
invisible rich man to wear also take him
a free buffet he meets the old white and
the old black here they are professional
users here their hopes are to die early
so relieved after eating they are ready
to go home on the other side the two
street [ __ ] sneak into molly's house
they use fire to burn her trash dump hut
although others seem to be nothing molly
is very sad ask both to help her report
the police bolt has never had a fight
since he was a child
he hesitates to approach the two robbers
is it going or not
finally he decides to rush in their
place shout directly those two are the
bad guys dare to bully them he is going
to condemn them severely now that makes
the two so funny bolt directly kicks
over the table then he just runs the two
also chase after seeing this chase and
chase bolt quickly hides in a house and
locks it never thought the door is
pulled open at once one punch hits bolt
at this time bolt suddenly finds the
electronic anklet rings he just runs
back quickly but he is beaten back again
no way bolt lies down and sends his feet
back okay just let them fight him the
old man upstairs pours a pot of hot soup
directly scared the two run immediately
but after a happy time new problems come
where do they live now so a few people
decide live over the bridge both and
molly are sleeping in a cardboard box
it's raining heavily they have to leave
the box and run so a few people go to
the rescue station in the rain but the
rescue station has been off work a few
people can only go to the nearby garbage
dump the old man feels a little
uncomfortable in the middle of the night
he decides to go out and find some
medicine wait for the black man to wake
up just ask bolt to find him together as
a result bowl finds the white old man
dies on the street watching the medical
staff put the white man into the bag
bolt feels life is too fragile on the
other side the bald man wants to get the
slim place he directly bribery bolt's
lawyer turn all of both assets into his
own bolt who is on the other side is
thanking the god because today is
exactly 30 days he challenges himself to
succeed both celebrates with molly that
night the two get along for almost 30
days both has fallen in love with molly
so bolt brings molly to his villa he
tells her he is actually a billionaire
this time is just a game but molly
doesn't believe it at all so goal takes
her to see the bald man tell him to keep
his promise but the bald man says bolt
is a stinky beggar what is the bet who
is the person who bet with him both sees
that he doesn't admit it he goes to find
his own lawyer but the lawyer doesn't
say anything at first glance both knows
that the lawyer is bribed he shouts
directly let everyone out of his home
but the bald man let bolt out because
the house has been renamed a long time
ago bolt collapses directly he runs
around at home and is kicked out by the
security guard he loses everything he is
on the street while saying that he is
the billionaire at this time a beggar
doesn't stand it anymore and says he is
too crazy he is the richest person just
like that
the two are still fighting no one
accepts no one they finally alarm the
police the police catch the two ready to
send them to the mental hospital
just about to go into the car bolt runs
out also kick the beggar finally bolt
arrives at the hospital he still
dissatisfies just says that he is a rich
man the doctor has no choice give him
500 milliliter subjects because there
are too many patients in the hospital
the doctor is dumbfounded whenever the
doctor sees him once
just get him a shot in the end a nurse
discovers him and rescues bolt just when
bolt is in a coma molly cries and begs
god to save him this makes bolt feel
love for the first time
he decides to give molly a good life
when they are about to destroy the slum
both shouts for everyone to unite
protect their homes but the tramps hear
that there is a bucket to eat they turn
around to eat they don't care anything
molly begs everyone says they must unite
against the enemies that sentences
really touch everyone just like that an
army of beggars rushes into they still
continue to grab their food snatch their
clothes besides bolt is driving an
excavator take off the conference sign
the bald man looks furious he also
climbs onto the excavator that's all the
two of them are working on the excavator
but bolt graduated from a technical
school after a few rounds he directly
knocks down the other party bolt puts
the bald man up in front of major media
the bald man has to admit that he has an
agreement with bolt both successfully
regains the right to transform the slum
finally the slum is not changed into
commercial streets but is refurbished
let all beggars live for free then bolt
marries molly but molly has been learned
one thing since she was a child when
getting in the car she picks up a lot of
cans only then she wills to get in the
car but then the beggar appears again
still say that he is a rich man bull
sees that man the two are fighting again
he doesn't marry anymore he has to fight
for victory the movie ends here both
experiences this time should be his
life's wealth because he has tasted the
ups and downs of life when he is at the
worst time of life
he meets molly who really care about him
isn't this a great blessing in life